Prepare v1.2.1 (#105)
AllenNeuralDynamics/aind-ephys-pipeline-kilosort25: docs/source/releases/1.2.1.rst

.. _1.2.1:

> 1.2.1 - May 19th 2026

Author: ```suggestion
1.2.1 - May 21st 2026
```

=====================

> Minor bugfix release to sync with the latest versions of processning steps.

Author: ```suggestion
Minor bugfix release and sync with the latest versions of processing steps.
```
